In this lesson, we have covered multi-page layouts with CSS Grid,
responsive layouts with CSS grid,
using media queries and break points,
as well as nesting grids and making image galleries.
But let's not forget where we began.
All the way back at the fundamentals of HTML.
We learned about HTML elements and
their tags and the attributes that we can add to those tags.
How we can use those attributes like ID and class
to select those elements for styling with different CSS rules,
like background-color, border, padding, margin.
Then you learned about Flexbox and how to align and distribute content
easily and elegantly using parent containers.
Then you've learned how to make whole page website designs with CSS Grid and
Flexbox working seamlessly together which brings us back here to the course recap.
This course is meant to set you up for success throughout the courses that follow.
So feel free to come back here and review these fundamentals with
me anytime if you start to feel overwhelmed in later lessons.
But don't worry. I know that you've got this.
With HTML and CSS,
you have everything you need for the next steps in your web developer journey.
Good luck. To infinity and beyond.